Document message requests (#251)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/channel.mdx

Removes a recipient from a group DM. Requires ownership of the target channel. Returns a 204 empty response on success. Fires a [Channel Recipient Remove](/topics/gateway-events#channel-recipient-remove) Gateway event.

<RouteHeader method="PUT" url="/channels/{channel.id}/recipients/@me">
  Update Message Request
</RouteHeader>

Returns a [DM channel](#channel-object) on success.

<Alert type="warn">

> All consent statuses other than `ACCEPTED` are employee-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All consent statuses other than `ACCEPTED` are only usable by [Discord staff](/resources/user#user-flags).
```

</Alert>

###### JSON Params

| Field          | Type    | Description                           |
| -------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------- |

> | consent_status | integer | The [consent status](#consent-status) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consent_status | integer | The new [consent status](#consent-status) |
```
